c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\Comarch.dll.config
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\Comarch.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\Comarch.pdb
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\obj\Debug\Comarch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\obj\Debug\Comarch.dll
c:\users\grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\obj\Debug\Comarch.pdb
C:\Users\Grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Grzesiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Comarch\Comarch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
